# Logging

Pykour provides functionality for outputting logs.
Logs are used for debugging, error tracking, and monitoring the operation of the application.

## Access logs

Access logs are used to record information about clients that access the application and are automatically generated by 
Pykour.

The access log records the following information:

- Date and time when the access log was recorded 
- An ID to uniquely identify the request (Request ID)
- Client’s IP address/port number
- HTTP method of the request
- URL of the request
- HTTP status code/version of the request
- HTTP status code
- Response body size (in bytes)
- Request processing time (in seconds)

```
ACCESS [2024-08-20T12:34:56.123+0900] [d92eb65c-0b76-445e-82aa-d980759ea42e] 127.0.0.1:60933 - - GET / HTTP/1.1 200 OK 28 0.123
```

## Log Output Settings

Log output settings are configured in the configuration file.

```yaml
pykour:
  logging:
    level: INFO, WARN, ERROR, DEBUG
```

In `pykour.logging.level`, you can enumerate the log levels to be output.

The following log levels are available:

- INFO: Outputs general information.
- WARN: Outputs warning information.
- ERROR: Outputs error information.
- DEBUG: Outputs debugging information.


## Log output

Logs are output using the `pykour.logging` module.
The following example demonstrates how to output logs.

```python
from pykour import Pykour, logging

app = Pykour()

@app.route('/')
def index():
    logging.write_info_log('Hello, World!')
    return 'Hello, World!'
```

In the example above, the `write_info_log` function is used to output a log.
The type of log is specified by the argument of the `write_info_log` function.

The following log types are available:

- `write_info_log`: Outputs general information.
- `write_warn_log`: Outputs warning information.
- `write_error_log`: Outputs error information.
- `write_debug_log`: Outputs debugging information.
